this for Daisy or my Russian number two
trying the best I performances that
Alexander and to me without question one
of the most stylish skaters in the men's
event
so much speed I'm so little movement
plot triple
this language fluid style that builds up
loads of speed
and the triple axel
first you'd see others in the man doing
a lot of backward crossovers setting for
a long time
aiexander seems to be able to cover so
much ice
absolutely
innovative moves on the circular step
sequence
great position in the spins
so it really is fantastic to see him
fulfilling the potential he's had really
for so long this the sort of personality
can put into a routine
fabulous anaconda